State document updated with details on using DI (#369)
cucumber/docs: content/docs/cucumber/state.md

There is no documentation yet, but the code is on [GitHub](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-jvm/tree/master/needle).

# Details of using DI

(since Cucumber 5)

When using a DI framework all your step definitions, hooks, transformers, etc. will be created by the frameworks instance injector.

## The need for a custom injector

Cucumber example tests are typically small and have no dependencies.
In real life, though, tests often need access to application specific object instances
which also need to be supplied by the injector.
These instances need to be made available to your step definitions so that actions
can be applied on them and delivered results can be tested.

The reason using Cucumber with a DI framework typically originates from the fact that the tested application also uses
the same framework. So we need to configure a custom injector to be used with Cucumber.

> This injectors ties tests and application instances together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This injector ties tests and application instances together.
```

I guess that we are talking about 1 injector.

Author: You are right. Thx. Fixed.

There is no documentation yet, but the code is on [GitHub](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-jvm/tree/master/needle).

> # Details of using DI (e.g. using Guice)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# How to use DI with Guice
```

(since Cucumber 5)

> It is typically very simple to use Cucumber with a dependency injection framework.

Reviewer 2: Please refrain from using terms like `very simple` in the documentation.

> It is typically very simple to use Cucumber with a dependency injection framework.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to use Cucumber with a dependency injection framework,
```

> All that's needed is to add the appropriate dependency to the classpath.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
add the appropriate dependency to the classpath.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Please add a header "Maven", like we do on other pages (e.g. here: https://cucumber.io/docs/installation/java/)

Reviewer 2: Additionally it would be nice to add a "Gradle" section too.

> For example, if you want to use [Google Guice](https://github.com/google/guice) as DI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use [Google Guice](https://github.com/google/guice) as  your DI framework,
```

> simply add the `cucumber-guice` dependency to your pom.xml:

Reviewer 2: Again, please don't use "simply".

> simply add the `cucumber-guice` dependency to your pom.xml:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 add the `cucumber-guice` dependency to your pom.xml:
```

```xml
<dependencies>
  [...]
    <dependency>
        <groupId>io.cucumber</groupId>
        <artifactId>cucumber-guice</artifactId>
        <version>${cucumber.version}</version>
        <scope>test</scope>
    </dependency>
  [...]
</dependencies>
```

> Now all your step definitions, hooks, transformers, etc. will be created and supplied by a Guice injector.

Reviewer 2: Does this happen automatically? From the text below it seems there is other configuration needed.

This is pretty cool, but depending on your application it is far off from being sufficient.

## The need for a custom injector

> Even though example tests are very simple, they often do not stay that simple when it comes

Reviewer 2: Again, please don't use "simple".

Reviewer 2: Would you be able to more concisely describe how to configure DI with Guice? (note: I'm not familiar with Guice; we use Spring).

can be applied on them and delivered results can be tested.

The reason using Cucumber with Guice DI typically originates from the fact that the tested application also uses
Guice as DI framework. So why not bringing this together and provide a custom injector that can inject
the application components into the step definitions.

```java
package com.example.app;

import static org.junit.Assert.assertTrue;

import io.cucumber.java.en.When;
import io.cucumber.java.en.Then;
import io.cucumber.guice.ScenarioScoped;
import com.example.app.service.AppService;
import java.util.Objects;
import javax.inject.Inject;

@ScenarioScoped
public final class StepDefinition {

    private final AppService appService;

    @Inject
    public StepDefinition( AppService appService ) {
        this.appService = Objects.requireNonNull( appService, "appService must not be null" );
    }

    @When("the application services are started")
    public void startServices() {
        this.appService.startServices();
    }

    @Then("all application services should be running")
    public void checkThatApplicationServicesAreRunning() {
        assertTrue( this.appService.servicesAreRunning() );
    }
}
```

> This might not be working as expected. Why so?

Reviewer 2: Let's create a full example that does work and describe all the parts needed to prevent confusion for the readers?

In order for Guice to create the step definition, an instance of AppService is needed as argument for the constructor.
The implementation of the AppService may need further arguments and configuration that typically
has to be provided by a Guice module. Guice modules are used to configure an injector and might look like this:

```java
package com.example.app.service.impl;

import com.example.app.service.AppService;
import com.google.inject.AbstractModule;

public final class ServiceModule extends AbstractModule {
    @Override
    protected void configure() {
        bind( AppService.class ).to( AppServiceImpl.class );
        // ... (further bindings)
    }
}
```

The actual injector is then created like this: `injector = Guice.createInjector( new ServiceModule() );`

This means we need to have access to the creation of the injector that Cucumber creates in order to customize
it with our application specific modules.

## The Cucumber object factory

Whenever Cucumber needs a specific object, it asks an object factory for it.

> Cucumber has a default object factory that (in case of Guice) creates a default injector and

Reviewer 2: Is this specific to Guice? Or generic to the other DI frameworks?

    }

    @Override
    public boolean addClass( Class< ? > clazz ) {
        return true;
    }

    @Override
    public void start() {
        this.injector.getInstance( ScenarioScope.class ).enterScope();
    }

    @Override
    public void stop() {
        this.injector.getInstance( ScenarioScope.class ).exitScope();
    }

    @Override
    public < T > T getInstance( Class< T > clazz ) {
        return this.injector.getInstance( clazz );
    }
}
```

This is almost the default object factory for Guice except that we have added our own bindings to the injector.

Cucumber loads the object factory through the `java.util.ServiceLoader`. In order for the ServiceLoader to be able
to pick up our custom implementation we need to provide the file `META-INF/services/io.cucumber.core.backend.ObjectFactory`.

```
com.example.app.CustomObjectFactory
#
# ... additional custom object factories could be added here
#
```

Our step definition should now be working except that we have to tell Cucumber to use our custom object factory.
There are several ways how this could be accomplished.

### The command line

> When Cucumber is run from the command line, the custom object factory can be specified as class name argument.

Reviewer 2: I like the conciseness in this particular section! Let's make the next sections as concise? (see my suggestions)

```bash
java io.cucumber.core.cli.Main --object-factory com.example.app.CustomObjectFactory
```

### The property file

> Cucumber makes use of a properties file (`cucumber.properties`) when it exists. The custom object factory can be

Reviewer 2: What if this file does not exist?

specified in this file and will be picked up when Cucumber is running. The following entry needs to be available

> in the `cucumber.properties` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The custom object factory can be specified in the `cucumber.properties` file:
```

```
cucumber.object-factory=com.example.app.CustomObjectFactory
```

### The test runner (JUnit/TestNG)

The Cucumber modules for JUnit and TestNG allow to run Cucumber through a JUnit/TestNG test. When the test is
executed it actually starts the Cucumber engine that runs the Cucumber tests. Cucumber can be configured using

> the `@CucumberOptions` annotation. The custom object factory can be specified in this annotation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The custom object factory can be specified in the `@CucumberOptions` annotation:
```

```java
package com.example.app;

import io.cucumber.junit.Cucumber;
import io.cucumber.junit.CucumberOptions;
import org.junit.runner.RunWith;

@RunWith( Cucumber.class )
@CucumberOptions( objectFactory = com.example.app.CustomObjectFactory.class )
public final class RunCucumberTest {
}
```

> Using the `@CucumberOptions` annotation has another important advantage. It is possible to create different tests that

Reviewer 2: Rather than duplicate information about @CucumberOptions here, lets link to https://cucumber.io/docs/cucumber/api/#junit for more information, eg:
"For more information about `@CucumberOptions` see [here]"(https://cucumber.io/docs/cucumber/api/#junit)

Author: I agree. This should actually be the place. As I have been going over my changes together with a collegue I came to the conclusion that I have tried to put a lot more of what I've learned about Cucumber in this doc addition. Some of it would be better places elsewhere.

This particular info about `@CucumberOptions` could be in the JUnit section, but context-wise it rather belongs here. ... But ... the description in the JUnit section is lacking many more parameters.

Author: Ok, I have added more information to the JUnit description of the `@CucumberOption` annotation and linked it.
